move content to remove projects section from sidebar (#7855)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/introduction-to-the-circleci-web-app.adoc

[#projects]
== Projects

Projects associated with your organization will appear on the **Projects** page. You have the option to:

* _Set Up_ any project that you are the owner of in your VCS.

> * _Follow_ any project in your organization to gain access to its pipelines and to subscribe to [email notifications]({{site.baseurl }}/notifications/) for the project's status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _Follow_ any project in your organization to gain access to its pipelines and to subscribe to xref:notifications#[email notifications] for the project's status.
```

Following or setting up a project adds it to your dashboard. Unfollowing a project removes it from your dashboard.

> Clicking the three dots (meatball menu) in the project row will allow you to open an individual project's configuration file, insights, and settings. If you are following a project, you will also see an option to unfollow the project from this menu. There is also a **Project Settings** button found on individual project pages, which you can view by clicking on a project's name in the main **Projects** dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the three dots (meatball menu) in the project row will allow you to open an individual project's configuration file, Insights, and settings. If you are following a project, you will also see an option to unfollow the project from this menu. There is also a **Project Settings** button found on individual project pages, which you can view by clicking on a project's name in the main **Projects** dashboard.
```
